Walkthrough (#1709)
swiftlang/vscode-swift: assets/walkthrough/runExecutable.md

# Run Swift Executable
![Run swift executable](./images/runExecutable.gif)

You can run a Swift binary target via the:

> 1. Code lens that appears in the `.swift` file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. CodeLens that appears in the `.swift` file 
```

this is the normal spelling I think

Reviewer: maybe image too?

> 2. Project Panel in the bottom left hand corner of the sidebar

Reviewer: Maybe mention it is the Tasks ground, could be worth an image too

> 3. Tasks command: You can configure the build tasks through the `launch.json` file in the `.vscode` folder for the project

Reviewer: There is a way to put command actions right?

We can have a button to run swift task, that specifies this command and argument:
`await vscode.commands.executeCommand("workbench.action.tasks.runTask", { type: "swift" });`

> ![Debug Swift Executable](./images/debugExecutable.gif)

Reviewer: worth noting that the extension automatically generates the debug and release variant launch configurations that they can modify, maybe even having an action button to open the launch.json

> You can debug a target by setting a breakpoint and clicking the the ``Debug Swift Executable`` button on the tab bar or through the ``Run and Debug panel`` in the sidebar.

Reviewer: image would be useful and I'd call it an editor action, not a tab bar

> You can debug a target by setting a breakpoint and clicking the the ``Debug Swift Executable`` button on the tab bar or through the ``Run and Debug panel`` in the sidebar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can debug a target by setting a breakpoint and clicking the the ``Debug Swift Executable`` button on the tab bar or through the ``Run and Debug`` panel in the sidebar.
```

# Run Swift Executables
![Runing a swift executable](./images/runExecutable.gif)

You can build and run a Swift binary target via the:

> 1. `Run` or `Debug` CodeLens that appears in the `.swift` file that contains your program's entry point

Reviewer: praise: how you highlighted this in the GIF is great!

2. `Project Panel` in the bottom left hand corner of the sidebar under the `Targets` and `Tasks` groups

> 3. `Tasks` command: You can configure the build tasks through the `launch.json` file in the `.vscode` folder for the project and then select the target you'd like to build with the `Tasks: Run Task` command from the `Command Pallete`

Reviewer: suggestion: Wonder if we make build tasks their own step in the walkthrough, keeping this just focussed on running. We could first show the Run Build Task command and then show if they click the configure gear, the task is added to the task.json and can be configured (ex. add additional arguments)
